feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/gitlab.mdx

---
title: GitLab

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with GitLab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with GitLab.

```

To make the development flow as smooth as possible, Clerk uses  preconfigured shared OAuth credentials and redirect URIs for development instances - no other configuration is needed.

> For production instances, you will need to generate your own Client ID and Client secret using your GitLab account.

Reviewer: 🙈 good catch!
